Straw-man for our workshop (#1)
observability-lab-cse/observability-lab-workshop: README.md

## Path 1: Observability of a K8s cluster

This path will introduce :

- how to instrument applications using Opentelemtery on Azure
- How to instrument your AKS cluster

> - How to create use your collected telemetry data by creating Azure Monitor Workbooks, Dashboards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How to use your collected telemetry data by creating Azure Monitor Workbooks, Dashboards
```

## Path 1: Observability of a K8s cluster

This path will introduce :

> - how to instrument applications using Opentelemtery on Azure

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- how to instrument applications using OpenTelemetry with Azure
```

- How to instrument your AKS cluster
- How to use your collected telemetry data by creating Azure Monitor Workbooks, Dashboards

Sections:

- [⚒️ Pre Requisites](./00-pre-requisite/README.md) - Covering the pre set up and tools that will be
  needed.
- [⚙️ Provision Infrastructure](./01-provision-infrastructure/README.md) - Provision AKS cluster, Application Insights etc.

> - [🧩 Deploy application to AKS](./02-deploy-application/README.md) - Deploy tbd application

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [🧩 Deploy application to AKS](./02-deploy-application/README.md) - Deploy all required components of the application
```

> - [🔎 Add basic observability instrumentation](./03-add-basic-observability-instrumentation/README.md) - Using Opentelemetry instrument your application

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [🔎 Add basic observability instrumentation](./03-add-basic-observability-instrumentation/README.md) - Using OpenTelemetry instrument your application
```
